CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------
* INTRODUCTION
* INSTALLATION
* DESIGN DECISIONS

INTRODUCTION
------------

Current Maintainer: scarer <s.vardy1@uq.edu.au>

JISCPM is a module that allows users to create "live" documentation for project management based on the JISC Project Management framework. This framework is particularly useful for educational projects.

When working on documents using this framework, data needed to continually be updated manually throughout concurrent locations (i.e. project phases, team members, risks etc.). This makes documentation even more tedious than it already is and elevates the possibility for error.

This module allows the creation of documentation with only the necessary fields and allows users to view linked data - i.e. users assigned to projects, risks, issues etc. This encourages a more agile style of working with documentation.

There is also an export function that allows basic data to be exported into documents that can be provided to external stakeholders.

The JISC Project Management framework is best suited to educational projects. For more information about the JISC Project Management Framework please visit: http://www.jisc.ac.uk


INSTALLATION 
------------
To install please upload this directory to your sites/all/modules directory in your Drupal install. 

To create projects you will need to enable the JISC PM Project module and the JISC PM attribute module. You will also need to install and enable the following dependent modules:

date_popup
date_api
ahah_helper


DESIGN DECISIONS
----------------

The data architecture of this module is based on the JISC Project Management templates. However, some of the fields have been re-ordered, re-named or removed if found to not be appropriate to the data that is required for a project based on field testing of the JISC Project Management templates within educational projects.

A system design document has also been added which is an amalgamation of a software specifications document and a software design document. It has been re-named to a system design as it may be used to detail designs for hardware and other types of IT systems. 

